opsep: Transferring ownership of L2PA to aliased L1PAO address (#204)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: tasks/opsep/update-l2pao-to-aliased-l1pao/README.md

Reviewer: The path should be prefixed with the upgrade number for this directory, i.e. renamed to `tasks/opsep/001-update-l2pao-to-aliased-l1pao`

# Op Sepolia - Update L2ProxyAdmin owner to be aliased L1ProxyAdmin owner address

Status: [DRAFT]()

## Objective

> This is the playbook for executing Upgrade #X, `set(L2PAO, aliased(L2PAO))`, on Op Sepolia (chain ID 11155420).

Reviewer: Nit, to just avoid using nonstandard acronyms before defining them + avoids using pseudocode that doesn't map to the contracts.
```suggestion
This is the playbook for executing Upgrade #X, to update the L2ProxyAdmin owner (L2PAO) to be the aliased L1ProxyAdmin owner (L1PAO) address, on OP Sepolia (chain ID 11155420).
```

The proposal was:

> - [X] Posted on the governance forum here: (//TODO edit this) https://gov.optimism.io/t/upgrade-proposal-6-multi-chain-prep-mcp-l1
> - [X] Approved by Token House voting here: (//TODO edit this) https://vote.optimism.io/proposals/47253113366919812831791422571513347073374828501432502648295761953879525315523
> - [X] Not vetoed by the Citizens' house here: (TODO edit this) https://snapshot.org/#/citizenshouse.eth/proposal/0x2bc6565053b73813c6b0a001c8c07eb5656234b4d8bae12ba6541250993d1d25
> - [X] Executed on OP Sepolia: (//TODO edit this) https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops/tree/6ea64b21416917e3dfcb867fd0c76db90fb46277/tasks/sep/003-MCP-L1
> - [X] Executed on OP Mainnet: (//TODO edit this) https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops/tree/11bd3a24b3c18ccf637e32182045a377a89ec22f/tasks/eth/006-MCP-L1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [X] Posted on the governance forum here: https://gov.optimism.io/t/upgrade-proposal-guardian-security-council-threshold-and-l2-proxyadmin-ownership-changes-for-stage-1-decentralization/8157
- [ ] Approved by Token House voting here
- [ ] Not vetoed by the Citizens' house here
- [ ] Executed on OP Sepolia
```

The governance proposal should be treated as the source of truth and used to verify the correctness
of the onchain operations.

## Simulation

Please see the "Simulating and Verifying the Transaction" instructions in [SINGLE.md](../../../SINGLE.md).

> When simulating, ensure the logs say `Using script /your/path/to/superchain-ops/tasks/opsep/update-l2pao-to-aliased-l1pao/SignFromJson.s.sol`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When simulating, ensure the logs say `Using script /your/path/to/superchain-ops/tasks/opsep/001-update-l2pao-to-aliased-l1pao/SignFromJson.s.sol`.
```

Thus ensures all safety checks are run. If the default `SignFromJson.s.sol` script is shown
(without the full path), something is wrong and the safety checks will not run.

Do NOT yet proceed to the "Execute the Transaction" section.

## State Validations

Please see the instructions for [validation](./VALIDATION.md).

## Execution

At this point you may resume following the execution instructions in the "Execute the Transaction" section of [SINGLE.md](../../../SINGLE.md).

> When executing, ensure the logs say `Using script /your/path/to/superchain-ops/tasks/opsep/update-l2pao-to-aliased-l1pao/SignFromJson.s.sol`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executing, ensure the logs say `Using script /your/path/to/superchain-ops/tasks/opsep/001-update-l2pao-to-aliased-l1pao/SignFromJson.s.sol`.
```
